c:\users\kikohiho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Audity\Audity\Audity.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\Audity.iOS.exe
c:\users\kikohiho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Audity\Audity\Audity.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\Audity.iOS.pdb
c:\users\kikohiho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Audity\Audity\Audity.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\Audity.dll
c:\users\kikohiho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Audity\Audity\Audity.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\kikohiho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Audity\Audity\Audity.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\users\kikohiho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Audity\Audity\Audity.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.iOS.dll
c:\users\kikohiho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Audity\Audity\Audity.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\kikohiho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Audity\Audity\Audity.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\Audity.pdb
c:\users\kikohiho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Audity\Audity\Audity.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
c:\users\kikohiho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Audity\Audity\Audity.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\kikohiho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Audity\Audity\Audity.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.mdb
c:\users\kikohiho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Audity\Audity\Audity.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.iOS.pdb
c:\users\kikohiho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Audity\Audity\Audity.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.iOS.dll.mdb
c:\users\kikohiho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Audity\Audity\Audity.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
c:\users\kikohiho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Audity\Audity\Audity.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\kikohiho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Audity\Audity\Audity.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll.mdb
c:\users\kikohiho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Audity\Audity\Audity.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\ar\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.iOS.resources.dll
c:\users\kikohiho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Audity\Audity\Audity.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\ca\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.iOS.resources.dll
c:\users\kikohiho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Audity\Audity\Audity.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\cs\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.iOS.resources.dll
c:\users\kikohiho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Audity\Audity\Audity.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\da\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.iOS.resources.dll
c:\users\kikohiho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Audity\Audity\Audity.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\de\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.iOS.resources.dll
c:\users\kikohiho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Audity\Audity\Audity.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\el\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.iOS.resources.dll
c:\users\kikohiho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Audity\Audity\Audity.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\es\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.iOS.resources.dll
c:\users\kikohiho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Audity\Audity\Audity.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\fi\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.iOS.resources.dll
c:\users\kikohiho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Audity\Audity\Audity.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\fr\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.iOS.resources.dll
c:\users\kikohiho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Audity\Audity\Audity.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\he\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.iOS.resources.dll
c:\users\kikohiho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Audity\Audity\Audity.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\hi\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.iOS.resources.dll
c:\users\kikohiho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Audity\Audity\Audity.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\hr\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.iOS.resources.dll
c:\users\kikohiho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Audity\Audity\Audity.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\hu\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.iOS.resources.dll
c:\users\kikohiho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Audity\Audity\Audity.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\id\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.iOS.resources.dll
c:\users\kikohiho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Audity\Audity\Audity.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\it\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.iOS.resources.dll
c:\users\kikohiho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Audity\Audity\Audity.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\ja\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.iOS.resources.dll
c:\users\kikohiho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Audity\Audity\Audity.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\ko\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.iOS.resources.dll
c:\users\kikohiho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Audity\Audity\Audity.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\ms\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.iOS.resources.dll
c:\users\kikohiho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Audity\Audity\Audity.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\nb\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.iOS.resources.dll
c:\users\kikohiho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Audity\Audity\Audity.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\nl\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.iOS.resources.dll
c:\users\kikohiho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Audity\Audity\Audity.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\pl\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.iOS.resources.dll
c:\users\kikohiho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Audity\Audity\Audity.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\pt\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.iOS.resources.dll
c:\users\kikohiho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Audity\Audity\Audity.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\pt-BR\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.iOS.resources.dll
c:\users\kikohiho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Audity\Audity\Audity.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\ro\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.iOS.resources.dll
c:\users\kikohiho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Audity\Audity\Audity.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\ru\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.iOS.resources.dll
c:\users\kikohiho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Audity\Audity\Audity.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\sk\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.iOS.resources.dll
c:\users\kikohiho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Audity\Audity\Audity.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\sv\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.iOS.resources.dll
c:\users\kikohiho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Audity\Audity\Audity.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\th\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.iOS.resources.dll
c:\users\kikohiho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Audity\Audity\Audity.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\tr\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.iOS.resources.dll
c:\users\kikohiho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Audity\Audity\Audity.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\uk\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.iOS.resources.dll
c:\users\kikohiho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Audity\Audity\Audity.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\vi\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.iOS.resources.dll
c:\users\kikohiho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Audity\Audity\Audity.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\zh-Hans\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.iOS.resources.dll
c:\users\kikohiho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Audity\Audity\Audity.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\zh-Hant\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.iOS.resources.dll
c:\users\kikohiho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Audity\Audity\Audity.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\zh-HK\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.iOS.resources.dll
c:\users\kikohiho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Audity\Audity\Audity.iOS\obj\iPhone\Debug\ibtool\_BundleResourceWithLogicalName.items
c:\users\kikohiho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Audity\Audity\Audity.iOS\obj\iPhone\Debug\actool\_PartialAppManifest.items
c:\users\kikohiho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Audity\Audity\Audity.iOS\obj\iPhone\Debug\actool\_BundleResourceWithLogicalName.items
c:\users\kikohiho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Audity\Audity\Audity.iOS\obj\iPhone\Debug\optimized\
c:\users\kikohiho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Audity\Audity\Audity.iOS\obj\iPhone\Debug\Audity.iOS.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\kikohiho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Audity\Audity\Audity.iOS\obj\iPhone\Debug\Audity.iOS.exe
c:\users\kikohiho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Audity\Audity\Audity.iOS\obj\iPhone\Debug\Audity.iOS.pdb
C:\Users\kikohiho\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Audity\Audity\Audity.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\Audity.iOS.exe.config
C:\Users\kikohiho\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Audity\Audity\Audity.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.dll
C:\Users\kikohiho\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Audity\Audity\Audity.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.Ext.dll
C:\Users\kikohiho\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Audity\Audity\Audity.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\kikohiho\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Audity\Audity\Audity.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\kikohiho\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Audity\Audity\Audity.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\kikohiho\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Audity\Audity\Audity.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.xml
C:\Users\kikohiho\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Audity\Audity\Audity.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.Ext.xml
C:\Users\kikohiho\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Audity\Audity\Audity.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\kikohiho\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Audity\Audity\Audity.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\kikohiho\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Audity\Audity\Audity.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
C:\Users\kikohiho\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Audity\Audity\Audity.iOS\obj\iPhone\Debug\Audity.iOS.csproj.Audity.iOS.exe.config
C:\Users\kikohiho\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Audity\Audity\Audity.iOS\obj\iPhone\Debug\Audity.iOS.exe.mdb
C:\Users\kikohiho\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Audity\Audity\Audity.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\Audity.iOS.exe.mdb
