c:\users\kikohiho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Audity\Audity\Audity\bin\Debug\Audity.dll
c:\users\kikohiho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Audity\Audity\Audity\bin\Debug\Audity.pdb
c:\users\kikohiho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Audity\Audity\Audity\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\kikohiho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Audity\Audity\Audity\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\users\kikohiho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Audity\Audity\Audity\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\kikohiho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Audity\Audity\Audity\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
c:\users\kikohiho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Audity\Audity\Audity\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\kikohiho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Audity\Audity\Audity\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.pdb
c:\users\kikohiho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Audity\Audity\Audity\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
c:\users\kikohiho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Audity\Audity\Audity\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\kikohiho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Audity\Audity\Audity\obj\Debug\Audity.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\kikohiho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Audity\Audity\Audity\obj\Debug\Audity.dll
c:\users\kikohiho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Audity\Audity\Audity\obj\Debug\Audity.pdb
C:\Users\kikohiho\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Audity\Audity\Audity\bin\Debug\Audity.dll.config
C:\Users\kikohiho\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Audity\Audity\Audity\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.dll
C:\Users\kikohiho\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Audity\Audity\Audity\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\kikohiho\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Audity\Audity\Audity\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.dll
C:\Users\kikohiho\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Audity\Audity\Audity\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\kikohiho\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Audity\Audity\Audity\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\kikohiho\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Audity\Audity\Audity\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.xml
C:\Users\kikohiho\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Audity\Audity\Audity\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\kikohiho\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Audity\Audity\Audity\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.xml
C:\Users\kikohiho\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Audity\Audity\Audity\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\kikohiho\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Audity\Audity\Audity\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
C:\Users\kikohiho\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Audity\Audity\Audity\obj\Debug\Audity.csproj.App.config
C:\Users\kikohiho\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Audity\Audity\Audity\obj\Debug\Audity.Views.ReceiptsLogPage.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\kikohiho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Audity\Audity\Audity\obj\Debug\Audity.dll.mdb
C:\Users\kikohiho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Audity\Audity\Audity\bin\Debug\Audity.dll.mdb
C:\Users\kikohiho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Audity\Audity\Audity\obj\Debug\Audity.dll.mdb
C:\Users\kikohiho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Audity\Audity\Audity\bin\Debug\Audity.dll.mdb
